Problem Statement :

1. Use python libraries logging,csv (or) openpyxl,phonenumbers,numpy,pandas,datetime,sys

2. So we have FieldAgent files for NewYork Life Insurances.

3. Basically you need to sort the files in descending order of dates and obtain the greatest dated file which is in the filenaming convention 20210219 here in the collection provided.

4. Check the file line count and measure that the file line count of the latest file and the file line count of one level less decrement date file has a variance of 500 lines.

5. If the line count difference is more than 500 lines reject the processing of the file with exception message else process the latest file.

6. File if processed once should be stored in the reference file: NYL.lst. If in case we are re-processing the same file once again should throw an exception, saying already processed.

7. Now before reading the file capture the name of the file in NYL.lst file so the filename is stored there for future reference.

8. Now comes the file processing effort.

	i) Replace the headers in the file c1 with c2 and c3 with c4, just in case the file header is inconsistent:

      		c1='Agent Writing Contract Start Date (Carrier appointment start date)'
      		c2='Agent Writing Contract Start Date'
      		c3='Agent Writing Contract Status (actually active and cancelled\'s should come in two different files)'
      		c4='Agent Writing Contract Status'

	ii) The phonenumbers in the file should be US valid phone numbers. In case they are not valid, capture in the log file.

	iii) Check if the state is a valid U.S. state. In case it is not valid, capture in the log file.

	iv) Check if the agent email is a valid email id. In case it is not valid, capture in the log file.

9. Create a data frame of the headers as index and data as rows. Display the data frame.

10. Create another dataframe with which groups all the agents by Agency State. Display in the data frame.

11. Create a dataframe which gives the Agent Name, Agent Writing Contract Start Date, Date when an agent became A2O.

12. Create a data visualization with the dataframe using 9, 10 use pandas built-in plot function for histogram.
